Add AGTS 2021 tournament article (#6288)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/GTS/AGTS_2021/en.md

---
tags:
  - AGTS2021
  - AGTS
  - GTS
---

# Advanced Global Taiko Showdown 2021

![AGTS 2021 logo](img/logo.jpg)

> The **Advanced Global Taiko Showdown 2021** (***AGTS 2021***) was an Advanced worldwide double-elimination osu!taiko tournament hosted by ![][flag_FR] [\_yosh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7157133), ![][flag_FR] [Kasumii-sama](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6177263), and ![][flag_NL] [TaikoMom](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9086438). Only players ranked between #1,000 and #3,500 could participate. It was the third instalment of the Advanced Global Taiko Showdown and part of the Global Taiko Showdown series.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Advanced Global Taiko Showdown 2021** (***AGTS 2021***) was a worldwide double-elimination osu!taiko tournament hosted by ![][flag_FR] [\_yosh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7157133), ![][flag_FR] [Kasumii-sama](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6177263), and ![][flag_NL] [TaikoMom](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9086438). Only players ranked between #1,000 and #3,500 could participate. It was the third instalment of the Advanced Global Taiko Showdown and part of the Global Taiko Showdown series.
```

## Tournament schedule

> ### Regional phase

Reviewer: i dont understand what this header is saying or why it's here

| Designer | ![][flag_ID] [fajar13k](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7100002), ![][flag_PH] [OsuMe65](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/852867), ![][flag_KR] [POCARI SWEAT](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5082685) |
| Developer | ![][flag_US] [Cychloryn](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6921736), ![][flag_NL] [oliebol](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2756335), ![][flag_FR] [ThePooN](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/718454) |
| Wiki editor | ![][flag_ID] [fajar13k](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7100002) |

## Links

- [Discussion thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1299094)
- [GTS Discord server](https://discord.gg/3mGC3HB)
- [GTS website](https://gtsosu.com)
- Livestream
  - [GTSosu](https://www.twitch.tv/gtsosu)
  - [GTSosu\_b](https://www.twitch.tv/gtsosu_b)

>     - *Note: The second channel's purpose is to stream other match if there are more than one match happening at the same time.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - *Note: The second channel's purpose is to allow streams of concurrent matches.*
```

- NoMod
  - [Morimori Atsushi Remixed by Spiegel - PUPA -Floor of Larva Remix- (Ak1o) \[Inner Oni\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1497423#taiko/3069306)
  - [Shibayan - Playful (Zetera) \[Majin Oni\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1158040#taiko/2416781)
  - [ALEPH - IMPULSE (\_Rise) \[Inner Oni\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1387209#taiko/2865261)
  - [Sewerslvt - Kawaii Razor Blades (Astrophysics Remix) (Cut Ver.) (Gamelan4) \[Amiability 1.06x (180bpm)\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1497158#taiko/3068839)
  - [II-L - VANGUARD-1 (Axer) \[Satellite\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1407228#taiko/2901604)
  - [leroy - stop being gay (Genjuro) \[:D\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1487495#taiko/3068309)
- Hidden
  - [Gomitaro - S4y G00dby3 (Genjuro) \[Hell Oni\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1454482#taiko/2990084)
  - [M2U - Felis (HiroK) \[Inner Oni\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1497426#taiko/3069309)
- HardRock
  - [m1dy - ONIGOROSHI (Ak1o) \[Inner Oni\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1497458#taiko/3069358)
  - [goreshit - lovism (KyouRekii87) \[Taiko-K\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1028927#taiko/2151445)

> - DoubleTIme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- DoubleTime
```
